Docs: add migrate and automigrate to the CLI Options page (#26724)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/cli-options.md

| `--debug`                       | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook dev --debug`                                                                                              |
| `--debug-webpack`               | Display final webpack configurations for debugging purposes<br/>`storybook dev --debug-webpack`                                                                           |
| `--stats-json [dir-name]`       | Write stats JSON to disk<br/>`storybook dev --stats-json /tmp/stats`<br/>NOTE: only works for Webpack.                                                                    |
| `--no-version-updates`          | Suppress Storybook's update check<br/>`storybook dev --no-version-updates`                                                                                                |
| `--docs`                        | Starts Storybook in documentation mode. Learn more about it in [here](../writing-docs/build-documentation.md#preview-storybooks-documentation)<br/>`storybook dev --docs` |

> | `--initial-path [path]`         | URL path to be appended when visiting Storybook for the first time<br/>`storybook dev --initial-path=/docs/getting-started--docs`                                         |

Author: Applied, but with a slight modification:
```
Configures the URL Storybook should open when it opens the browser for the first time
```

because that's only applicable when the browser is auto-opened by Storybook

| `--preview-url [path]`          | Disables the default Storybook preview and lets your use your own<br/>`storybook dev --preview-url=http://localhost:1337/external-iframe.html`                            |
| `--force-build-preview`         | Build the preview iframe even if you are using --preview-url<br/>`storybook dev --force-build-preview`                                                                    |

> | `--enable-crash-reports`        | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook dev --disable-telemetry`                     |

Author: Great catch!

Options include:

| Option                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--help`                 | Output usage information <br/>`storybook init --help`                                                                                                                                       |

Author: I chose to keep the `--help` flag at the very top as it's the most basic flag a command must have, and users should know ahead that they can just run it at any moment in their CLI to get the list of available commands. It's consistent right now being at the top of every command

| `--help`                   | Output usage information <br/>`storybook add --help`                                                                                                                            |
| `--package-manager`        | Sets the package manager to use when installing the addon.<br/> Available package managers include `npm`, `yarn`, and `pnpm`<br/>`storybook add [addon] --package-manager pnpm` |
| `-s`, `--skip-postinstall` | Skips post-install configuration. Used only when you need to configure the addon yourself<br/>`storybook add [addon] --skip-postinstall`                                        |
| `--debug`                  | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook add --debug`                                                                                                    |
| `--disable-telemetry`      | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md)<br/>`storybook add --disable-telemetry`                                                   |

> | `--enable-crash-reports`   | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook add --disable-telemetry`                           |

Author: Thanks! They are available when running the commands via `--help` but they don't actually have telemetry. I just removed the telemetry info from the commands that actually do not use it.

cc @shilman FYI the `remove` commands has telemetry but `add` doesn't, for instance.

| `--debug`                  | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook migrate --debug`                                                                                                               |
| `--disable-telemetry`      | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md)<br/>`storybook migrate --disable-telemetry`                                                              |
| `--enable-crash-reports`   | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook migrate --disable-telemetry`                                      |

### `automigrate`

Check Storybook for incompatibilities or migrations and apply fixes.

```shell
storybook[@version] automigrate [fixId] [options]
```

For example, `storybook@latest automigrate --dry-run` will scan your codebase and tell which automigrations are applicable in a dry run (no actual changes).

Options include:

> | Option                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
> | `--help`                 | Output usage information <br/>`storybook automigrate --help`                                                                                                                                                         |
> | `-c`, `--config-dir`     | Directory where to load Storybook configurations from<br/>`storybook automigrate --config-dir .storybook`                                                                                                            |
> | `-n`, `--dry-run`        | Only checks for fixes, not actually executing them<br/>`storybook automigrate --dry-run`                                                                                                                             |
> | `-s`, `--skip-install`   | Skip installing dependencies whenever applicable<br/> `storybook automigrate --skip-install`                                                                                                                         |
> | `-y`, `--yes`            | Skips interactive prompts and automatically accepts automigrations<br/>`storybook automigrate --yes`                                                                                                                 |
> | `-l`, `--list`           | Shows a list of available automigrations<br/> `storybook automigrate --list`                                                                                                                                         |
> | `--package-manager`      | Sets the package manager to use when installing the addon.<br/> Available package managers include `npm`, `yarn`, and `pnpm`<br/>`storybook automigrate --package-manager pnpm`                                      |     |
> | `--renderer`             | Sets the renderer package for the framework Storybook is using.<br/> Useful for monorepo settings where multiple Storybook renderers are present in the same package.json<br/>`storybook automigrate --renderer vue` |     |
> | `--debug`                | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook automigrate --debug`                                                                                                                                 |
> | `--disable-telemetry`    | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md)<br/>`storybook automigrate --disable-telemetry`                                                                                |
> | `--enable-crash-reports` | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook automigrate --disable-telemetry`                                                        |

Reviewer: When you have a moment, can you update this table to the following:
```suggestion
| Option                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-c`, `--config-dir`     | Directory where to load Storybook configurations from<br/>`storybook upgrade --config-dir .storybook`                                                                                                                   |
| `-l`, `--list`           | Shows a list of available automigrations<br/> `storybook automigrate --list`                                                                                                                                            |
| `-n`, `--dry-run`        | Checks for available migrations without applying them<br/>`storybook automigrate --dry-run`                                                                                                                             |
| `-s`, `--skip-install`   | Skips the migration check step during the upgrade process<br/>`storybook upgrade --skip-check`                                                                                                                          |
| `-y`, `--yes`            | Applies available migrations automatically without prompting for confirmation<br/>`storybook upgrade --yes`                                                                                                             |
| `--help`                 | Output usage information <br/>`storybook automigrate --help`                                                                                                                                                            |
| `--package-manager`      | Sets the package manager to use when running the auto migration.<br/>Available package managers include `npm`, `yarn`, and `pnpm`<br/>`storybook automigrate --package-manager pnpm`                                    |
| `--renderer`             | Specifies Storybook's renderer to use when running the automigration.<br/> Useful for monorepo environments where multiple Storybook instances can exist in the same project<br/>`storybook automigrate --renderer vue` |
| `--debug`                | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook automigrate --debug`                                                                                                                                    |
| `--disable-telemetry`    | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md#how-to-opt-out).<br/>`storybook build --disable-telemetry`                                                                         |
| `--enable-crash-reports` | Enables sending crash reports to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md#crash-reports-disabled-by-default)<br/>`storybook dev --enable-crash-reports`                              |
```

The rationale behind this is that if you check the preview, the table is not rendered correctly and already includes the changes mentioned in other places (e.g., `dev` command) for accuracy

Author: I applied the most text changes I could, but some things didn't make sense e.g. storybook build, storybook dev being used in the snippets (while this is for storybook automigrate)

Reviewer: This was to demonstrate the pattern and wording. Appreciate you updating it so promptly 🙏

| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-c`, `--config-dir`     | Directory where to load Storybook configurations from<br/>`storybook doctor --config-dir .storybook`                                                                          |
| `--package-manager`      | Sets the package manager to use when running the health check.<br/>Available package managers include `npm`, `yarn`, and `pnpm`<br/>`storybook doctor --package-manager pnpm` |
| `--debug`                | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook doctor --debug`                                                                                               |
| `--disable-telemetry`    | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md)<br/>`storybook doctor --disable-telemetry`                                              |

> | `--enable-crash-reports` | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook doctor --disable-telemetry`                      |

Reviewer: When you're able, can you adjust as mentioned above in the `dev` command and provide the links to the appropriate sections

Options include:

| Option                      | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-o`, `--output [dir-name]` | Configures the location of the sandbox project<br/>`storybook sandbox --output /my-sandbox-project`                                                       |
| `--no-init`                 | Generates a sandbox project without without initializing Storybook<br/>`storybook sandbox --no-init`                                                      |
| `--debug`                   | Outputs more logs in the CLI to assist debugging<br/>`storybook sandbox --debug`                                                                          |
| `--disable-telemetry`       | Disables Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md)<br/>`storybook sandbox --disable-telemetry`                         |

> | `--enable-crash-reports`    | Enable sending crash reprots to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.md).<br/>`storybook sandbox --disable-telemetry` |

Reviewer: The same applies here, as already mentioned for the other commands, when you're able adjust the links and wording to match the `dev` command.
